Як підняти проект локально.

Setup:
1. Import Product class from class_Product_export.json
2. Copy ProductsImportCommand.php and ProductListener.php to your project (they're already at correct path locations)
3. Add lines from config/services.yaml to your project's corresponding services.yaml

Product class:
exported to class_Product_export.json

Run import command:
php bin/console app:product:import --url=[your_json_url]

Solution description:
 - Uppercase name: Pimcore have a preAdd and preUpdate webhooks, so I created ProductListener, where product name changed to uppercase before saving, and modified services.yaml to implement these hooks. Hooks are called from the call of save() method, so I don't need to re-implement uppercasing in the console command since this command calls exactly save() method.
 - Upsert: I used the autogenerated Product::getByGtin() method to check if a product with a given gtin exists. If not exists - then the import script creates a new Product with empty ID. After this, the save() method detects if this a new product or existing one by checking ID internally.
 
Known issues:
- After saving in admin interface product card should be manually updated (by pressing "Reload" button) to view uppercase name. I was unable to find a fix for this (and I'm not sure if such fix exists at all).
- Product::getByGtin() (and the followed linking with existing Data Object) works only for published Data Objects. For unpublished objects it returns null, so "Duplicate full path" error is raised if imported object key identical to existing object key with same parentId (products import command imports all data with parentId=1 - to the root folder). This can be partially fixed by implementing some more complex logic that outside of the test task scope.